Improve settings menu display and remove theme menu (#96958)
rust-lang/rust: src/doc/rustdoc/src/write-documentation/what-to-include.md

A good example of using this feature to create a dark theme is documented [on
this blog].  Just remember, dark theme is already included in the rustdoc output

> by clicking on the wheel.  Adding additional options to the themes are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by clicking on the gear icon in the upper right.  Adding additional options to the themes are
```
